It seems like it's saying something and it's saying strongly, but I'm not sure it's really asking me to remember what I think about it.
Well, say the same as you think it's the same.
I don't really think I understand this at all.
I mean, you just understand the words in general, but I can't get much, you know, like, but I mean, at the same time, it's not so, like, blatantly obvious.
There's nothing so blatantly obvious to me that tells me that there's nothing beyond that.
Like, I know that there's something beyond what I've gotten, because of the fact that what I've gotten is so vague.
I just, I mean, there seems to be some sort of, I don't know, there seems to me a description of, uh,
I don't know.
I mean, if you mean a generalist or kind of the way people relate to, and what people on the coast relate to, you know, country or something like that.
I want to close what you're saying about that.
I think it's talking about...
People in general do not look at things.
They look at things that apparently have a great deal of theft and theft.
.
It's not even significant in describing.
We have to.
It's not even the form that seems to me to be saying, we can't see fog, we can't see these, but that doesn't stop us from this.
The key is burning.
I mean, if you're listening to people, I mean, it's kind of different.
You just want to look at it.
And if you can't be able to do that in that way, I'm sure.
I mean, it can happen in a lot of ways, if you don't make this, you're going to be able to do it.
You're going to be able to do it.
At least in times, like outside, maybe.
I mean, there's a way of thinking of things where you begin to see, you know, the object is there, of course, and everyone sees the world the same way.
It's not like when people look further out of the ocean or can see through the water, but there's so much more sitting at that again.
I think there's just a question of how much more multi-national reality actually is.
that was when people came there every time
Why do people look at the tree and not the land?
Is it because they think somehow that it varies more?
I guess the land may vary more, but whatever the truth may be, I guess I'm wondering whether one possibility is that there's something changing of the land.
i guess like that would be perhaps one different something one thing that's different about the sea from the land the fact that it really isn't manifest motion or it might be that another difference between land and sea is people don't really say they live in the land and they're looking at
they're looking at the sea, which is something different and foreign and alien, and if that's the reason why they're looking at the sea, I would read this poem as less critical of people.
I think, you know, we sort of read this poem and we're like, oh yeah, all these people, they're just staring fixed or whatever, they're looking at the sea.
There might be good reason for them to all look at the sea.
I guess I'm not too sure whether that's the case or not.
I don't really know.
If I knew why they were looking at the sea, maybe I would have some idea.
I don't know whether it was possible.
I don't know whether it's why he brought up the truth, whether he came, and also the Romans, I don't know whether he came, there is truth in the land, or he is saying the truth actually is in the land, or he is saying the truth is in the land, or he is saying the truth is in the land, people are in the land, or the truth is in the land, people are in the land.
uh the land may vary more but whatever the truth is whatever the truth truth is about that question of which has more variance to us see that's what i thought but it's wherever not whatever and so there's some i mean there's something about that so i get it so i think that it's not perfectly clear that that way like i think that i'm you know just instinctually putting whatever is
because in the community I don't know whether
right for people who don't get to see him somehow, exactly right, just because everybody is doing it, I thought maybe he is saying, oh, everybody is doing it, sir, it's not something for them.
Then I don't, I don't find that kind of interesting.
It also probably is that it's not just that there is no force in the community or they can't.
You can't look deep in the ocean, and you can't speak all around the world.
It's very interesting.
It's fairly suggestive that their lives have something metaphorical, and that it's not the problem that they can do the work in the world.
Take a look at the last few lines for that.
Yeah.
We will be talking on Monday.
Monday?
Friday.
About design and the gift card.
And the what?
The gift card.
How much time did you go?
I do too.